This questionnaire is designed to assess your perceptions of your team. There are no wrong or right answers, so please give your immediate reaction. 
Some of the questions may seem repetitive, but please answer ALL questions. Your personal responses will be kept in strictest confidence.

The following statements are designed to assess your feelings about YOUR PERSONAL INVOLVEMENT with this team. 
Please select your response on the slider to indicate your level of agreement with each of these statements.

Please note that questions about spending time or getting together with the team also involve spending time together online.

[
"1.	I do not enjoy being a part of the social activities of this team.",
"2.	I’m not happy with the amount of playing time I get.",
"3.	I am not going to miss the members of this team when the season ends.",
"4.	I’m unhappy with my team’s level of desire to win.",
"5.	Some of my best friends are on this team.",
"6.	This team does not give me enough opportunities to improve my personal performance.",
"7.	I enjoy spending time with other people rather than my team mates.", //I enjoy other parties rather than team parties.
"8.	I do not like the style of play on this team.",
"9.	For me, this team is one of the most important social groups to which I belong."
]

The following statements are designed to assess your perceptions of YOUR TEAM AS A WHOLE. 
Please select your response on the slider to indicate your level of agreement with each of these statements.

Please note that questions about spending time or getting together with the team also involve spending time together online.

[
"10.	Our team is united in trying to reach its goals for performance.",
"11.	Members of our team would rather do things on their own than get together as a team.",
	// Members of our team would rather go out on their own than get together as a team.
"12.	We all take responsibility for any loss or poor performance by our team.",
"13.	Our team members rarely spend time together (in virtual space or in real life).",
	// Our team members rarely party together.
"14.	Our team members have conflicting aspirations for the team’s performance.",
"15.	Our team would like to do things together outside the pvp season.",
	// Our team would like to spend time together in the off season.
"16.	If members of our team are having problems in arena games, everyone wants to help them so we can get back together again.",
	// If members of our team have problems in practice, everyone wants to help them so we can get back together again.
"17.	Members of our team do not stick together outside of practice and games.",
"18.	Our team members do not communicate freely about each player's responsibilities."
	// Our team members do not communicate freely about each player's responsibilities during competition or practice.
	]
